Bitcoin peaked over the $1,200 Mark in a
series of daily gains taking it to new
heights much of this rise has been
attributed to the speculation an ETF
will be granted approval which would be
a first for Bitcoin investors are highly
anxious to be involved in
cryptocurrencies as the potential is
clearly exponentially higher than where
it is although it's in its infancy
Bitcoin has gained attention in the
global markets particularly for those
who want to quietly move their money out
of restrictive countries you came here
for the truth let's look today at the
price of Bitcoin I want to show you a
few charts that will show it in relation
to others let's look at this first the
price after reaching that 12200 Mark
there has been some decline there but
that's very natural of course after
several days of gains pulling back a
little bit it still hit that record high
and it looks to be very strong it's all
in anticipation of an ETF which if you
know things go sour ultimately it's
going to curse at some point down the
road look at this gold and Bitcoin the
prices are converging and that that is
very very important I believe it's very
significant you could see this Steady
Hand of gold going across whereas
Bitcoin over the last several days had
been climbing I'm going to show you
another very similar chart here look at
this on a longer term scale going back
from 2013 you'll see right here as
they're circling the price gets
basically to be about the same and again
in that point of convergence right
around now then looking at it on
different measurement of gold in Bitcoin
we measure gold
in US Dollars all the time but look at
it when measured uh gold and Bitcoin I
like to see all these different charts
Mike Maloney does this quite often in
the uh in his book as well as I believe
Richard Duncan's book also that I read a
few years back look at this and you'll
see a very simil ilar um mention here of
approximately 1: one it's very
interesting to see this was uh
particularly in sync 2013 and again
today around that number moving on
quickly to this just a similar chart
showing you again 2013 there was that
rise in 2013 which as far as I'm
concerned was too fast too soon it came
down after but a slow and steady rise
had developed over these past couple
years now so it is definitely a lot
stronger than it was in that Peak that
it received back in 2013 bitcoin's
volatility greatly exceeds that of gold
and currency and I do believe that
because the market is so small you see
volatility uh that is encountered
similar with if you look at Silver for
example versus gold the market for
silver is although I believe extremely
important because of it's the industrial
side it is very very tiny which means
more of a plus side but also could mean
a vast drop in a very small amount of
time look at this it's probably uh
difficult for you to read on your
screens there but you're looking at gold
and the Euro and the Japanese currency
and while there are some you know
modulations here compared to bitcoin it
is absolutely nothing which just moves
up and down up and down now does that
mean you shouldn't invest in it that
that's not what I'm trying to say I'm
just trying to say that there are big
big swings downside potential and upside
as well and that goes with a lot of
different Commodities and and anything
else that's trading on the big market
look at oil for example can come down
from over 100 down to 30 and it's a huge
commodity so there's something to look
at there China China central bank is
going digital after assembling a
research team in 2014 The People's Bank
of China has done trial runs on its
prototype
cryptocurrency this is similar to what
the Bank of Canada has done well they're
looking into blockchain anyway and you
can see that they've taken an interest
it's not just you know kids in their
basement or something right this is now
expanding
on a global scale a lot of people use it
particularly in China they want to pull
their money out you know when you place
restrictions on there is always going to
be loopholes look at what's happening in
a country like
Venezuela where you have a block Market
which has far exceeded what's happening
inside of the normal everyday markets
where you have different items available
to you but the price is Extreme
extremely high of course that's
destroying people's uh lives at this
time anyway I'm trying to say that
there's always going to be a loophole
around people will always find a way and
it seems like uh Bitcoin is being used
in this way quite often now so this is
what's happening with China right now I
I think it's still of course something
that will be rolled out over the years
and I do believe that a lot of uh other
countries will will adopt this or at
least look into it for some means maybe
they're not going to necessarily uh
replace their current currencies with a
cryptocurrency but I do see it being
used as a method of payment I do see it
being a very
legitimate uh thing moving onwards not
necessarily what it is today I think
it's going to expand uh greatly it's
particularly for those who want to move
money around that's what I think it's I
think it's best as being a a medium of
transaction personally baray has
apologized this is Switching gears here
Barclays has apologized after customers
reported problems using cash machines
debit cards and phone banking you will
one day be locked out of your money wait
a second it's my money I want it no you
can't do that some customers say they
were unable to withdraw money from cash
machines or use cards in shops online in
telephone banking and in Branch payments
were affected oops this is happened
before and whether or not it was
intentional doesn't matter all that
matters is that individuals have money
or so they think they've been working
their nin to-5 jobs they've been saving
their money they put it in the bank
because they want to be able to have it
keep it safe obviously they don't want
to keep it under their mattress they
don't want to keep it in their pocket
all the time so they put it in the bank
and then they want to go to the store
and buy some groceries so they take out
their debit card or they take out their
uh you know whatever and they try to
utilize their cash that's sitting in the
bank but they can't they're locked out
because of an error because of a problem
that's running in their
systems what would happen then if you
literally didn't have any food to eat
what would you do you don't have any
cash on hand you don't have ability to
then you know get what you need what are
you going to do well you're going to
starve and what if this happened for a
week well then you'd have a very very
big problem this is why we cannot just
wholeheartedly put our trust into the
banking system we can't do
that I understand people people need a
bank account most people out there
they're going to have a bank account
they're going to be able to put their
money in there they want to have a Wade
for the 9 to5 job and they put it in the
bank that's fine I get it that's fine
but to trust that banking system is a
very very foolish move whether it's
something like this or whether it's the
threat of bailin whether it is a
devaluation of our currencies bankr runs
the uh bank holidays there are many
reasons to be concerned for what we will
definitely experience at some
point claiming
people are being paid to Riot Republican
state senators voted Wednesday to give a
police a new power to arrest anyone who
is involved in a peaceful remember I
said peaceful demonstration that may may
that's you know looking into the the
future you know you're trying to predict
crime may turn bad even before anything
actually
happened wow now that's powerful now
there's a reason why I can understand
from the government standpoint why you
would want this you can see that there's
maybe talk on social media that they're
going to go and they're going to Riot
and everything else and maybe something
has happened you know in the next town
over and they're feeling it's going to
spread over here and you know I get it
but you can't do that if something
didn't happen you can't try and prevent
it from happening that is very very
dangerous Behavior you're never going to
be able to anticipate where it's coming
from you know
when I I use this example all the time G
G20 in Toronto
where you
have police that were clearly standing
down for the longest period of time
letting cars police cars be
torched and doing so purposely to have a
reason to go in the media would capture
that the media would see all the black
block and all the rest pounding in those
cars lighting it on fire and then you
would have an excuse to crush everyone's
skull this is the type of thing that
happens too too often and then we have
this US Air Force plane which is helped
in the aftermath of the Chernobyl
disaster has been called in to find the
source of a mysterious radioactive Cloud
heading towards the UK everyone in the
UK right now I keep very very close
attention on what's going on with this
there has been I I brought it up already
on the channel but they've detected
radio act
uh substances right now that have been
not just in the UK but it has been uh
throughout Europe I don't know exactly
what's going on here but obviously there
is a big problem so many of these
nuclear reactors are leaking they're
leaking into the groundwater they're
leaking into the atmosphere and it's
very dangerous you have at the same time
where they're testing all these uh
devices exploding them whether it's in
the Nevada desert whether it's in in
different parts of the world they're
happening right now before our very eyes
and you can't do this and not have
consequences you cannot do it without
consequences that's just the way it
works and they think that they're going
to get away with it but ultimately it
will come back around you cannot pollute
the environment in any way without it
coming back look if the wind brings it
in One Direction eventually something's
going to happen it's going to come back
if you found this video informative then
please give me a thumbs up when you give
me a thumbs up it pushes these videos
higher up in the YouTube search rankings
last but not least if you found the
video informative then I know you'll
find my book The Money GPS even more
informative so look through the book
actually if you can do this at Amazon
they have a look inside feature that's
going to allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
one other note I just wanted to mention
that the Kindle book I've decided to
bring the prices down on the Kindle
version I put it at $9.99 but
technically Amazon chooses whatever
price it wants and actually they decided
on 762 so the prices come down
considerably I definitely recommend the
paperback version uh I to be quite Frank
to be quite open and honest I make more
money on the Kindle version there's an
extra dollar I make $4 okay you know I
want transparency I make $4 on the
paperback and I think I make whatever
five or something like that on the
Kindle
so but I suggest the paperback I know it
is more expensive but just being able to
flip through that is much nicer but if
you like the Kindle that's why I have it
available it cost me like
$160 for this they wanted uh $160
to be able to format it for me I paid
that money because people said I want
the Kindle version so I you know I have
very uh open to that on a side note I
haven't officially launched it yet but
already a bunch of people have gone in
and bought it that's my new book the
global economic collapse so if you look
for the money GPS global economic
collapse that's my new book which has
been a soft launch at this time if
you're interested in that it's available
in Kindle format as well look for a
promotional video to come out soon
related to that take care